here we go got a break for a Roger Roger
what's up man going to do time we got
here time in soon looks like a time and
supreme Roger if you're looking to open
a video on Jason's break actually begin
in that video was actually going to be
your video but then it went by to Jason
but anyway don't worry about that anyway
Roger you got number one if you watched
Jason is very close in the case and you
do one of these timeless treasures buy
em buy em pirate like I always do it
just look for the first double-digit
number for 71 I like 71 I don't know why
I'm mrs. double tape by panini
easy don't choke it's right down the
edges yeah 2190 71 cool I song did hope
it's a good one for you man ha like a
number 71 Mike Wallace 99 Michael
Crabtree 499 Deion Sanders Daniel Thomas
Jersey scratch that autograph let's
number 2 280 wait a second 265 alex
green jersey 250 and jersey of Knowshon
Moreno actually dirt all over it I think
that's the one that using the video
where they show him cutting it up
cutting up that Jersey actually 150
because that was one on December twelve
two thousand and will end on the oil
Supreme we have a red Stevan Ridley 299
joe mantegna ahmad bradshaw jumbo jersey
number 255 alex green cool
appreciate it Roger I'll get these
packaging on the way